[Music] yeah let's
see before I make a call and
start
[Music]
watching your audios reading no
lies listening sorry I'm
going crazy before listening to
your audios I would like to take a
look at this excerpt because I
saw the Antona live the other day I can't
see it all all the content
about the colleagues I can't see it
and then I'm seeing the letter in pieces
the other day we saw the open letter to
Rocío Carrasco not here it had much success
277 thousand visits in an excerpt or rather the
live from before David had
270 thousand visits okay what the live is
but the excerpts one of the
excerpts has 280,000 which is the
open letter from Antonio there was Rocío okay
but it's
[Music]
but the excerpt this one that we're going to
see next has 123 thousand visits
okay and it's about
that
535 days ago it's going to be two years since the
last acquittal of the
case of Rocío Carrasco against Antonio
David
and I don't know if you remember but
I remember click in particular that I found
very funny about Carlota Corredera
assuming that making a documentary was going to
mean reopening the case, a
ridiculous thing where there are few
things more pathetic and Vittorio in
life you can choose and you can make a
documentary telling your version and that
you don't think it's fair what
the judges have done and the whole Valley thing that they don't
believe you because you want them to believe you okay
perfect but for me making a
documentary is from a gossip show it's
not going to reopen the case a case of
gender violence is something more serious
than a documentary about Carlota Corredera
okay
what I would be missing would be for the
caller to win a lawsuit for the
documentary that he made with a rock
in his hand wherever I am no, for
a case of abuse of
gender violence against a woman to be reopened there has to be
conclusive evidence has to appear two abuses okay that
suddenly this man decided to
do something that he has never done in his life
threaten her and insult her
yell at her in  somewhere on the street
find the shame go out and
scream insult her
anything like that but here you
have it here you have the living proof of
what I said in reality
Antonia Vi can talk all she wants about
Rocío Carrasco as if she wants to
open now
well as if you want to dedicate something as if she
wants to dedicate now her
entire channel to responding to Rocío Carrasco or
talking about things about Rocío Carrasco
freedom of expression is what we have
in Spain while they defame and
slander us and nothing what the hell is going to be
abuse I could be here a video
every day of Rocío Carrasco in
fact and canalejas between
that is not abuse
hey you may not like it hey it
seems clear to us the negative opinions of
each one we do not like none of us but
metro you can't make these movements
to try to get us to talk about you daughter I just
read in large she is
not afraid of another lawsuit tanino is
written to us she tells you they do not give you another
lawsuit arrived from the part of the pinocha in
reality tan and what I am waiting for is that
sue or report me just
as I'm still waiting for the reopening of the
case of what they call cases that
no case exists I don't know why
we've already lost count Juan I don't know
if you also know well look I'll
tell you the side Diaz it's the
last time we did a live on
this topic specifically we put it we
did the calculation and at that time I think it
was like June we put
437 days without having requested the
reopening of the Antonia and Flores case
or do the math three months later
90 days well that's very good how much
you said
437 days without having requested the
reopening
or 470 of the accounts by 90 and
imagine interest in 437 plus 90 well
we're talking about 527 days
527 days waiting for the reopening of what
they call the case
and this friend of ours who has written to us for
more than a year it's not and almost 2
almost 2 but come on it's not that she's not
who it's
not that they are almost two it's not that she's on the
way to two which is not almost either  It's not that I'm
going down both paths, it's that it's
happened to me my whole life, it's that we're
going to see that case, the moment that
Rocío Carrasco decides to reach an agreement with
these people to open the documentary to
make this shabby documentary that she
made, okay, that film because they are a
film, let's say that it's not real, it's not
even true, the
judges of the Superior Court of Justice have already said it, it's
not based on true facts, it's
based on information left by
interested parties, I'm not saying it, I'm saying it, the
judges of the Superior Court of Justice
in the sentence that
[Music] I
reaffirmed was not the word,
the signature was not the word, I mean, there was
a first sentence and then there was a
second one that reaffirmed the first but it
doesn't reaffirm the word, it ratifies, ratifies
a second sentence that ratified the
first, okay, and in this second sentence
that ratified the first, it said that this
documentary
violated the honor of Antonio David, that it
condemned the television factory to
two hundred thousand euros
and that it was not a documentary based on
true things, that it was information
closed by interested parties,
so when Rocío Carrasco accesses
that path  desperate because the court
has no way the last thing she tried
was to say that she was going to commit suicide because her
daughter was defending her father on
Big Brother now that's as if
tomorrow Antonio David goes to
play a soccer game there
at the petanque club below
her house and in Malaga he goes there with the
neighbors to play petanque and be there
defending him come on dad you can
hit the ball and with Rosa Carrasco and he
says that she's going to commit suicide because you're
there supporting the father man please
please when you're going to commit suicide
because parents have a brother brother
is doing a contest or a reality show
[Music]
your name will come out because you're the one in
charge of filing a complaint and
that the complaint is public and all
the media from the magazine have talked
about that complaint so obviously
at some point the man will
bring up the subject and the daughter is there
defending a reality show she
works suicidal for that
and after that you go to
despair so he resorts to a
documentary to use feminism to
use ideology okay to use
a media trial because he knew that
the legal trial had nothing to do
if she knew that she would have had the
slightest chance of doing something in
court she is not going to a
gossip show for Carlota Corredera to
defend her I
know that she continues to remain silent in
quote marks silent no
and it continues but their intention the
media trial from the beginning look
when the case was dismissed okay there
is a moment in which
Rocío Carrasco appeals as many times as she
can and there is a moment in
which in Sálvame she talks about how her
appeal has also been rejected and it
turns out that no that they had not
definitively rejected
Rocío Carrasco's appeal yet
and in Sálvame they were saying that yes
Antonio had not been acquitted
innocent that no sorry in Sálvame
they were saying that if they saw her
innocent that they had rejected
Rocío Carrasco's appeal for the reopening I don't
know what because Rocío Carrasco and
I have that recorded in a video that
right now I don't know if I'm going to have it here at
hand but anyway I'm going to  search
because the truth is I would find it very
interesting to have it in this deal brosio
carrasco
called sálvame to say no no it's not that
the appeal has not yet been
definitively rejected let's see if
you yes you have the intention
of justice being done because you
feel attacked because you feel
violated you don't care what
the television says and much less a program at the level
of sálvame what reliability does sálvame have
as a source of information
if your intention is for justice to be done let it
pay before the law for what it has
done
to you you don't care what I called sálvame
you what you care about what the
judges say not what you say sálvame
but of course what you want is to
condemn them in the media
and fact it is shown here look here you
will see look
here I have it now there
was a video that was rocio carrasco
was not silent for 20 years
that is how it starts okay there
is how it starts
and then
a video bomb video a video there was a video there
was a video what was it
know what it was
the fall kept quiet for 20 years something like
that is called the video
Rocío Carrasco was silent for 20 years
something like that is called the video and then I
added another one
and it's where this is that I'm
mentioning look
before person who was before what happened with
Raquel and all this
sounds to me like it's before
Anthony Davis
t
of not having María Patiño here look
I have to review it for the second
part of María Patiño
like that which was Javier
is feared there are no
which
Rocío Carrasco was silent for 20 years
okay then the next video that I
made that
I would say that I'm referring to Elche look look in
fact
look at this look at this
the subject but you can add it to the video that I
made the other day one of my last
videos in which I talked about that Rocío
Carrasco had not been silent for 20 years
no way but no way and it's better
reviewing and the documentary I found
two or three more interventions of
Rocío Carrasco speaking on TV
notice that this click that I'm going to put
is within the documentaries  It's in
the first documentary, the press or
wherever avoids a couple of them in the
press but well it doesn't give much
importance to what draws the most
attention is an interview that he gives to
María Teresa Campos and this thing here that
goes very unnoticed or rather
while they are telling you that she has been
breaking her silence for 20 years, look at this, it's a
fact, it's not that he found out, I found it
on Telecinco, no no no, this is the same thing, the
cons of the documentary, they tell you this
in the documentary, I'm going to tell you this, it
appears in the documentary in which
everyone has seen while they
are telling you that she is
breaking her silence after 20 years in
Cañadas that she has not been able to speak, a
girl calls Antonio David on the
phone to ask him about the appeal of the
Supreme Court, Campo, made Rocío Carrasco and
Antonio Davis starts to say that the
Supreme Court will be dismissed since they have
told him no way, but not
where they have to give the teacher and between the fact that they
know nothing about everyone, he understands a kiss,
Char and heart, pay attention to  the clarification that he
makes and with
this program
and he has just contacted this
program Rocío Carrasco has just said
Rocío Carrasco that this is what we have seen
in the video that football is
done in the world even if it is done to win
that it is absolutely false that the ejido
what is a lie that Antonella Bino has not
won and
that everything follows its course you know that it is as
if everything follows its course it is like leaving
the door open to that he is an
abuser you still understand me love me what
matters what he says save me you
want justice you are an
abused woman you want justice so it
matters what he says save me let him say what he
wants then we will see when
justice comes but no no no no not after 20
years silent nor is she silent you want
justice you want social justice
from there they do not feel jsme point I do
not know if you are asking for my point
the point is very clear if you want the
law you do not give a damn what he is saying
a shitty heart program
from here I tell him that I am still waiting for
the reopening
and I'm not afraid of any lawsuit or
any complaint, I'm waiting for them, I
hope they shed light on it, and here you have the
proof that a lawsuit for
gender violence is not going to be reopened because this
person talks about him because he continues to
talk whatever he has to talk on
YouTube defending himself because it's the other one
who puts things on the table,
I hope he goes back to court and
tells the
investigating judge of the number one gender
that he's going to reopen the case, I hope so,
but I anxiously hope that it's
clear, he
looks governable, he
rises scared
[Music]